feat(curriculum): workshop debugging registration form updates (#66731)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-debugging-registration-form/69cb549522eb75299f5caddb.md

---
id: 69cb549522eb75299f5caddb
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

The input fields use the `required` attribute, but it doesn't catch everything.

Try entering only spaces in the form and submitting it. You will notice the form still accepts the input, even though it appears empty.

> To fix this, use the `trim()` method. It removes any spaces at the beginning and end of a string.

Reviewer: Methods and properties are written with the leading dot elsewhere in this workshop (`.value` in step 6, `.textContent` in steps 11 and 12).

```suggestion
To fix this, use the `.trim()` method. It removes any spaces at the beginning and end of a string.
```

---
id: 69cb549522eb75299f5caddb
title: Step 7
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-7
---

# --description--

The input fields use the `required` attribute, but it doesn't catch everything.

Try entering only spaces in the form and submitting it. You will notice the form still accepts the input, even though it appears empty.

> To fix this, use the `trim()` method. It removes any spaces at the beginning and end of a string.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix this, use the `trim()` method to remove any whitespace from the beginning and end of the string.
```

  /function\s+registerUser\s*\(\)\s*\{[\s\S]*if\s*\(age\.trim\(\)\s*===\s*(["'])\1\)/
);
```

You should throw an error with the message `"Name is required"` if the `name` input is empty.

```js
assert.match(
  code,
  /function\s+registerUser\s*\(\)\s*\{[\s\S]*if\s*\(name\.trim\(\)\s*===\s*(["'])\1\)\s*\{[\s\S]*throw\s+new\s+Error\((["'])Name is required\2\)/
);
```

You should throw an error with the message `"Age is required"` if the `age` input is empty.

```js
assert.match(
  code,
  /function\s+registerUser\s*\(\)\s*\{[\s\S]*if\s*\(age\.trim\(\)\s*===\s*(["'])\1\)\s*\{[\s\S]*throw\s+new\s+Error\((["'])Age is required\2\)/
);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js
const nameInput = document.getElementById("name-input");
const ageInput = document.getElementById("age-input");
const btn = document.getElementById("submit-btn");
const result = document.getElementById("result");

console.clear();

console.dir(nameInput);
console.dir(ageInput);

btn.addEventListener("click", registerUser);

function registerUser() {
  console.log("Button clicked");

  const name = nameInput.value;
  const age = ageInput.value;

  console.log("Name:", name);
  console.log("Age:", age);
    

> --fcc-editable-region--
> 
> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
  
--fcc-editable-region--
```

> --fcc-editable-region--
>     
> --fcc-editable-region--

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
--fcc-editable-region--
  
--fcc-editable-region--
```
